We are ready now to dive in and start putting together the room structure so our application here can
save things into a database local database first, and let's go to our model, our note.
Now the way things are right now, you see this is just a data class.
We pass a few parameters and life is good.
However, how do we then transform this into an actual entity, meaning it into an actual table database
table?
It's very simple to do so thanks to room database, because remember room database abstracts out all
of the things we had to do prior to room to create a table and so forth.
So now we can use a class like this and transform it into an actual table or rather to make it so that
the compiler, the room compiler, will create a table with this name or a name that we want to pass.
All right.
How do we do that?
Yes, you guessed it.
We pass in and at this is an annotation and say Entity like this?
Aha.
You can see there's A..
From Android X Room.
That's exactly what we want.
And the great thing here is that we can actually pass the table name, start typing table name like
this.
We can pass a table name that we want now if we don't pass anything right.
What would happen is, is that the processor they were on processor will take this note here as a table
name.
So in this case, I'm just going to change it to something else and the see notes.
TBE Owl like this to say this is a notes table.
All right.
Very good.
Now, the other thing I want to do is I want to make sure that we annotate each one of these fields
so that there are actually columns of our table.
What we want to do, we want to make each one of these fields to be a row by attaching certain annotations.
So the first annotation, I'm going to pass here when I say primary key to say that this ID here, when
we start putting this into table or this becomes a table, whenever we create an item, we create a
table notes table and we add in the item.
It's going to be seen as the primary key, which is a unique key that will be used in our table to reference
it.
OK, so there we go, I'm going to say primary key and again, Levi's as it is, and then I'm going
to put ad column to say that I want to give a name to this column different from this titled name.
I could live it as it is, but I'm going to specify a different name and say note title right spaces
so we can see everything and then add column info and it's going to be name.
I'm going to see.
Note description.
That and then the last one here, I'm going to say.
The same thing.
For name, I'm just going to say no.
And three, I'm going to change this local date type pass a date like this and this will change won't
say date that from and pass an instance, for instance, that now so I'm just changing the types that
would have worked also.
But this is much better for what we want to do.
All right, there we go.
So that's what we're doing here.
What we did, we created an entity was saying, this is going to be now a table and give a name notes
table.
OK.
All of these are going to be created internally.
Just to give an idea, all of these we had to manually do before on.
Really hard, but now all we have to do is just pass inside of our model class note.
I'm going to pass all of these annotations to say, room database whenever this is read is going to
know, OK, I'm going to make a table and name it notes table and I'm going to create an ID.
In this is going to be primary key.
And then these are also going to be columns.
So this table is going to be column called title, which is going to store titles, column name description.
Actually, it's going to be note description and notes title that says, What are we doing here?
And a column of note entry date which is going to hold dates.
And there you have it right now as this point, you may ask, how is the database created?
We haven't created the database yet.
And we're going to do that in the next video.